There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.
I would have gotten the promotion but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
There's an art to getting your way and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.
For oil spots on the floor nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.
It must be five o'clock somewhere.
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.
With the high wind warning.
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
The river stole the gods.
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.
Pink horses galloped across the sea.
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
He set out for a short walk but now all he could see were sunflowers for miles.
Twins slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.
I know many children ask for a pony but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience.
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.
Most shark attacks occur about ten feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
I made myself a peanut butter sandwich as I didn't want to subsist on veggie crackers.
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.
Don't step on the broken glass.
After exploring the abandoned building he started to believe in ghosts.
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go cart wheels.
As he looked out the window he saw a clown walk by.
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world you notice he seems fairly unhappy.
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.
